hey this is ryan at movieclips now we
have something very exciting for you our
software engineers have developed a new
technology called movie x-ray that
allows you to watch your favorite movie
scenes with an x-ray component we've
brought a nanny the intern to experience
this for the first time so let's jump
right into it our first movie it's the
great Terminator 2 Andy I've said one of
the greatest action movies ever made and
this is one of the biggest set pieces in
the movie so we have Arnold on the bike
with the kid Edward Furlong and if you
watch we have see Edward Furlong right
there and then if you look through the
x-ray you could see the interior
skeleton of the Terminator Wow Bruce so
just so you have an idea of what this
technology is capable of that's really
yeah so move it will go on to a few more
movies all right so our next movie we
have the beloved Muppets it came out a
few years ago we have the scene with
Miss Piggy now if we look with the movie
x-ray technology we could see her cup
empty must have drank it but if you look
here you can see a muppet tears hands oh
that's pretty cool yeah a little creepy
yeah it kind of destroys the illusion
for me that the Muppets are truly alive
but this is what movie x-ray is capable
of doing yeah Wow capable of showing us
movie magic in the works okay Andy next
up we have the Dark Knight okay this is
one of my favorite movies is it well
you'll be excited you're in for a show
then my friends so we have the scene
between Harvey Dent and Batman if you
scan across all right so we could see
inside Batman's cowl and with a little
more technology boost you can see I was
surprised to see this Michael Keaton
it's actually playing this Batman as
well what we all found was Christian
Bale in the cowl it's Michael Keaton
they brought him back are you kidding me
I'm not kidding you Andy the technology
speaks for itself
this would stand up in court if need be
so I was very surprised to see that and
I think the movie go audience will also
be surprised to see that but can't you
have to say this Chris Nolan he sticks
to the practical effects yeah Michael
Keaton's really thank you that's not CGI
that's movie x-ray that's really cool
so keeping with the superhero theme we
have Iron Man another beloved beloved
film by 11 I was surprised to see this
um Iron Man seemingly wearing nope
under his Ironman suit and there's also
I I couldn't quite see what the pattern
was on the boxers I was trying to figure
out what like Thor it does look like
Thor doesn't it handy that actually
really changes I didn't know Ironman was
such a big for fan yeah I had no idea
they have a very contentious
relationship in the Avengers he doesn't
seem like a Thor fan yeah well it's it's
surprising to find out I didn't know
Tony Stark was such a big fan of Thor
it's bizarre
alright so Andy we're moving from the
more popcorn flick of the superhero
movies to a more highbrow
oscar-nominated film with castaway
starring Tom Hanks I believe is one of
your favorite actor he's absolutely one
of my favorite alright so we have Tom
Hanks trying to start a fire here with
his beloved volleyball Wilson and if you
look with this technology this is a big
surprise from the ending if you look
there's a satellite phone inside of
Wilson we scan through the entire film
it's there in every scene oh my god so
it really changes the film for it for me
at least oh this is terrible yeah it's
less a movie about a man who overcome
adversity and got himself out of the
situation more about a man who can't see
what's in front of him keeping with the
Oscar theme now we have Lord of the
Rings love Lord of the Rings now this
was very interesting to me it kind of
just sheds light on the whole process
because we knew Andy Serkis was under
here but now the movie technology is so
cool yeah so it's just kind of fun to go
through the scenes and see what Andy
Serkis is whole getup kind of look like
under the Gollum a ball if you will and
that's that's the that's the kind of
thing that movie x-ray can do for you
that is so cool so Andy here we have a
classic film Jurassic Park and it's the
scene where they're trying to figure out
what's making the triceratops tick well
I'm curious I'm curious as well do you
think that we could use movie x-ray to
examine what's inside of its stomach
I'll tell you what Andy I'm Way ahead of
you here it comes so I was very
surprised to find this out we see
alright so we see the skeleton of the
triceratops and then with another layer
we see CT the Triceratops 8et so for all
of you out there hoping for an ET sequel
not coming thank you for joining us with
movie x-ray Andy had a great time seeing
it either great time showing you did you
like it do you like this techno
what do you think it's capable of what
movies would you like to see us explore
more with movie x-ray comment below and
let us know until next time I'm Ryan and
I'm Andy thank you for watching